all right everybody I'm making a pretty
short video today to show you why
torpedo ships like this one are so very
crucial to winning battles in a campaign
or maybe multiplayer it depends on the
human but you could just want this thing
torpedo ships have like four maybe five
foot Peters I can't remember exactly
when they launched two of them so you
have about eight to ten torpedoes which
might not seem like a whole lot but just
a direct hit on this could sink this
ship and this is the most advanced ship
in the entire game the ironclad
warriorship it is $18,000 this thing's
full XP my ship is full of speed so this
ship accumulatively is a $21,000 worth
um
and that ship was about two thousand
dollars base game it's one thousand this
is eighteen thousand so just imagine a
$1,000 yep no $2000 ship could destroy
this huge ironclad warrior that has I
think it was like a thousand hulls Frank
maybe it's like something cute number
maybe I'm just forgetting that on as
you're over see here are the first few
torpedoes and the only one and you could
just already see the huge damage the
other one hit also actually so already
it's down a couple guns a great amount
of people in order the sound I just made
was and you've already hit a pretty hard
now this second torpedo it just smacks
her right in the hall and the whole ship
blows up so this is why the torpedo ship
is something you really really want to
have in the campaign at least because I
mean just look two torpedoes it does
this super small ship two thousand
dollars you campaign money um it just
blew up this entire ship just this thing
was 18,000 huge best ship in the game
uh theoretically and this small little
dinghy ship blew it up with torpedoes so
that's why it is if you are a naval
Empire you want torpedo ships because
they will just wreck these huge ships
that are otherwise extremely annoying to
kill with a little ships so and you
could just like build these and have
them cruise your shores and if you see a
big ship just take it out so I hope you
enjoyed this little video and yeah I
hope you guys have a nice day